content/about.md, before:

---
title: About
menu:
  main:
    weight: 4
seo:
  page_title: Heating and Cooling Company in Watertown, WI
  meta_description: Learn more about the HVAC professionals at Richter Heating & Air Conditioning, Inc. Our team is ready to help you - call us today to schedule an appointment!
  featured_image: /uploads/adam-and-bill-richter-1000.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking compression of air conditioner
hero: 
  heading: Heating and Cooling Company in Watertown, WI
  body: Professionally trained technicians servicing all brands, makes and models.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/adam-and-bill-richter
    image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking compression of air conditioner
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /contact/ 
    button_text:  Request Service
    open_in_new_tab: false
---

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Over 40 Years of HVAC Experience</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

Family-owned and operated, Richter is located in Watertown, WI and serves Dodge, Jefferson and surrounding counties with expert service in the heating and cooling business. Owners Bill and Adam Richter have over 40 years in the industry and take great pride in the quality workmanship they do. A heating and cooling system is one of the biggest investments you will make as a home-owner and it impacts your monthly energy bill. We are available when you need us. Call <a href="tel:920-988-7050">920-988-7050</a>.

<div class="breakout bg-black flow">
  <div>
    <h2 class="no-margin">Our Service Areas Include:</h2>
    <div class="underline"></div>
  </div>

  * Watertown
  * Lake Mills
  * Jefferson
  * Johnson Creek
  * Oconomowoc
  * Ixonia
  * Richwood
  * Fort Atkinson
  * Cambridge
  * Rome
  * Waterloo
  * Sullivan 
  * Lebanon
  * and more surrounding areas

  <a class="btn btn--primary" href="/contact-us/">Request Service</a>

</div>

Commit message:

updated about page with hiring block, added favicon

content/about.md, after:

---
title: About
menu:
  main:
    weight: 4
seo:
  page_title: Heating and Cooling Company in Watertown, WI
  meta_description: Learn more about the HVAC professionals at Richter Heating & Air Conditioning, Inc. Our team is ready to help you - call us today to schedule an appointment!
  featured_image: /uploads/adam-and-bill-richter-1000.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking compression of air conditioner
hero: 
  heading: Heating and Cooling Company in Watertown, WI
  body: Professionally trained technicians servicing all brands, makes and models.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/adam-and-bill-richter
    image_alt: Bryant technician talking with homeowner while checking compression of air conditioner
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /contact/ 
    button_text:  Request Service
    open_in_new_tab: false
now_hiring: 
  heading: Now Hiring Service Technicians
  body: >-
    The Richter Team is hiring a HVAC Service Technician. We would prefer experience, but would be willing to train the right person. If you, or someone you know is looking for a change, please contact us. Richter Heating is a growing company that offers a competitive wage and nice benefits!


    Contact Rosy <a href="tel:920-988-1181">920-988-1181</a>/Bill <a href="tel:920-988-7050">920-988-7050</a>/Adam <a href="tel:920-253-5458">920-253-5458</a> for more information.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/two-richter-employees-standing-next-to-van.jpg
    image_alt: Bryant salesperson meeting with homeowners at kitchen table
---

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Over 40 Years of HVAC Experience</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

Family-owned and operated, Richter is located in Watertown, WI and serves Dodge, Jefferson and surrounding counties with expert service in the heating and cooling business. Owners Bill and Adam Richter have over 40 years in the industry and take great pride in the quality workmanship they do. A heating and cooling system is one of the biggest investments you will make as a home-owner and it impacts your monthly energy bill. We are available when you need us. Call <a href="tel:920-988-7050">920-988-7050</a>.

<div class="breakout bg-black flow">
  <div>
    <h2 class="no-margin">Our Service Areas Include:</h2>
    <div class="underline"></div>
  </div>

  * Watertown
  * Lake Mills
  * Jefferson
  * Johnson Creek
  * Oconomowoc
  * Ixonia
  * Richwood
  * Fort Atkinson
  * Cambridge
  * Rome
  * Waterloo
  * Sullivan 
  * Lebanon
  * and more surrounding areas

  <a class="btn btn--primary" href="/contact-us/">Request Service</a>

</div>
