content/financing.md, before:

---
title: Financing
menu:
  main:
    weight: 6
seo:
  page_title: 
  meta_description: 
  featured_image: /services-hero-2500_nvfeko.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant salesperson meeting with homeowners at kitchen table
hero: 
  heading:
  body: 
  image: 
    image_url: /services-hero-2500_nvfeko.jpg
    image_alt: Bryant salesperson meeting with homeowners at kitchen table
---

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Looking to pay over time?</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

Here at Richter Heating & Air Conditioning, we want purchasing a new heating and cooling system to be as affordable as possible. This is why we offer financing on our products that allows you to make regular payments over time, rather than paying for the whole system up front.

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Convenient Financing Option Available</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px"><a href="https://retailservices.wellsfargo.com/retailprivatelabel/initApp.do?m=0030045090"><img src="/uploads/wells-fargo-financing-options.jpg" alt="" width="300" height="250"></a><p class="font-size-xs text-align-center">Wells Fargo Financial National Bank</p></div>

Commit message:

restructured hero section, finished building all core pages

content/financing.md, after:

---
title: Financing
menu:
  main:
    weight: 6
seo:
  page_title: 
  meta_description: 
  featured_image: /uploads/husband-and-wife-sitting-at-table-with-bryant-salesperson-1000.jpg
  featured_image_alt: Bryant salesperson meeting with homeowners at kitchen table
hero: 
  heading:
  body: Financing options that allow you to make regular payments over time, rather than paying for the whole system up front.
  image: 
    image_url: /uploads/husband-and-wife-sitting-at-table-with-bryant-salesperson
    image_alt: Bryant salesperson meeting with homeowners at kitchen table
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /contact/ 
    button_text:  Request Service
    open_in_new_tab: false
---

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Looking to pay over time?</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

Here at Richter Heating & Air Conditioning, we want purchasing a new heating and cooling system to be as affordable as possible. This is why we offer financing on our products that allows you to make regular payments over time, rather than paying for the whole system up front.

<div>
  <h2 class="no-margin">Convenient Financing Option Available</h2>
  <div class="underline"></div>
</div>

<div style="width: 300px"><a href="https://retailservices.wellsfargo.com/retailprivatelabel/initApp.do?m=0030045090"><img src="/uploads/wells-fargo-financing-options.jpg" alt="" width="300" height="250"></a><p class="font-size-xs text-align-center">Wells Fargo Financial National Bank</p></div>
